README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://npmcharts.com/compare/neo.mjs?minimal=true"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/neo.mjs.svg" alt="Downloads"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/neo.mjs"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/neo.mjs.svg" alt="Version"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/neo.mjs"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/neo.mjs.svg" alt="License"></a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/6p8paPq"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/656620537514164249?label=discord%20chat" alt="Chat"></a>
  <a href="./CONTRIBUTING.md"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-green.svg" alt="PRs Welcome"></a>
</p>

# Welcome to neo.mjs! (Beta Version)
This is a new paradigm. If you want to enter a new era of making better Web Based User Interfaces,
the following concepts will be addictive.

## Content
1. <a href="#sponsors">Sponsors</a>
2. <a href="#covid19-in-numbers-demo-app">COVID19 IN NUMBERS Demo App</a>
3. <a href="#online-examples">Online Examples</a>
4. <a href="#what-if-">What if ...</a> (Short overview of the concept & design goals)
5. <a href="#want-to-learn-more">Want to learn more?</a>
6. <a href="#impossible-pick-with-caution">Impossible? Pick with caution!</a>
7. <a href="#the-webworkers-driven-ui-framework">The webworkers driven UI framework</a>
8. <a href="#join-our-slack-channel-for-questions--feedback">Join our Slack Channel for questions & feedback</a>


## Sponsors
<h3 align="center">Bronze Sponsors</h3>
<!--bronze start-->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="middle">
        <a href="http://www.stream4.tech/">
          <img width="150px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neomjs/pages/master/sponsors/bronze/stream4tech.png">
        </a>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<!--bronze end-->

## COVID19 IN NUMBERS Demo App
Live Demo: Desktop only (Support for mobile devices is on the roadmap)</br>
<a href="https://neomjs.github.io/pages/node_modules/neo.mjs/dist/production/apps/covid/index.html#country=USA">COIN App dist/production</a>

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neomjs/pages/master/resources/images/covidDashboard/table.png">

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neomjs/pages/master/resources/images/covidDashboard/gallery.png">

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neomjs/pages/master/resources/images/covidDashboard/helix.png">

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neomjs/pages/master/resources/images/covidDashboard/world.png">

## Online Examples
You can find a full list of (desktop based) online examples here:</br>
<a href="https://neomjs.github.io/pages/">Online Examples</a>

You can pick between the 3 modes (development, dist/development, dist/production) for each one.

## Short overview of the concept & design goals
<table>
    <tr>
        <th></th>
        <th>What if ...</th>
        <th>Benefit</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>1.</td>
        <td>... a framework & all the apps you build are running inside a separate thread (web worker)?</td>
        <td>You get extreme Performance</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>2.</td>
        <td>... the main thread would be mostly idle, only applying the real dom manipulations,
            so there are no background tasks slowing it down?</td>
        <td>You get extreme UI responsiveness</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>3.</td>
        <td>... a framework was fully build on top of ES8, but can run inside multiple workers without any Javascript builds?</td>
        <td>Your development speed will increase</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>4.</td>
        <td>... you don’t need source-maps to debug your code, since you do get the real code 1:1?</td>
        <td>You get a smoother Debugging Experience</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>5.</td>
        <td>... you don’t have to use string based pseudo XML templates ever again?</td>
        <td>You get unreached simplicity, no more scoping nightmares</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>6.</td>
        <td>... you don’t have to use any sort of templates at all, ever again?</td>
        <td>You gain full control!</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>7.</td>
        <td>... you can use persistent JSON structures instead?</td>
        <td>You gain more simplicity</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>8.</td>
        <td>... there is a custom virtual dom engine in place, which is so fast,
            that it will change your mind about the performance of web based user interfaces?</td>
        <td>You get extreme performance</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>9.</td>
        <td>... the ES8 class system gets enhanced with a custom config system,
            making it easier to extend and work with config driven design patterns?</td>
        <td>Extensibility, a robust base for solid UI architectures</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>10.</td>
        <td>... your user interfaces can truly scale?</td>
        <td>You get extreme Performance</td>
    </tr>
</table>

## Want to learn more?
<a href=".github/CONCEPT.md">neo.mjs Concepts</a>

## Impossible? Pick with caution!
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_pill_and_blue_pill"><img alt="blue or red pill" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neomjs/pages/master/resources/images/redorbluepill.png"></a>


## The webworkers driven UI framework
Prior to the public release on November 23, 2019, the project was already at <a href=".github/NEOMJS_HISTORY.md">3720 commits</a>.

Please take a look at the <a href=".github/GETTING_STARTED.md">Getting Started Guide</a>.

Although neo.mjs is ready to craft beautiful & blazing fast UIs, the current state is just a fraction of a bigger
picture.<br/>
Take a look at the <a href=".github/STORY.md">Project Story</a> and <a href=".github/VISION.md">Vision</a>.

In case you like the neo.mjs concepts, please support it: <a href="./BACKERS.md">Sponsors & Backers</a>.

## Join our Slack Channel for questions & feedback
<a href="https://join.slack.com/t/neotericjs/shared_invite/enQtNDk2NjEwMTIxODQ2LWRjNGQ3ZTMzODRmZGM2NDM2NzZmZTMzZmE2YjEwNDM4NDhjZDllNWY2ZDkwOWQ5N2JmZWViYjYzZTg5YjdiMDc">Slack Channel Invite Link</a>

Build with :heart: in Germany.

<br><br>
Copyright (c) 2015 - today, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/tobiasuhlig/">Tobias Uhlig</a>
& <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/richwaters/">Rich Waters</a>

Commit message:

readme update: covid app code link

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://npmcharts.com/compare/neo.mjs?minimal=true"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/neo.mjs.svg" alt="Downloads"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/neo.mjs"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/neo.mjs.svg" alt="Version"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/neo.mjs"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/neo.mjs.svg" alt="License"></a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/6p8paPq"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/656620537514164249?label=discord%20chat" alt="Chat"></a>
  <a href="./CONTRIBUTING.md"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-green.svg" alt="PRs Welcome"></a>
</p>

# Welcome to neo.mjs! (Beta Version)
This is a new paradigm. If you want to enter a new era of making better Web Based User Interfaces,
the following concepts will be addictive.

## Content
1. <a href="#sponsors">Sponsors</a>
2. <a href="#covid19-in-numbers-demo-app">COVID19 IN NUMBERS Demo App</a>
3. <a href="#online-examples">Online Examples</a>
4. <a href="#what-if-">What if ...</a> (Short overview of the concept & design goals)
5. <a href="#want-to-learn-more">Want to learn more?</a>
6. <a href="#impossible-pick-with-caution">Impossible? Pick with caution!</a>
7. <a href="#the-webworkers-driven-ui-framework">The webworkers driven UI framework</a>
8. <a href="#join-our-slack-channel-for-questions--feedback">Join our Slack Channel for questions & feedback</a>


## Sponsors
<h3 align="center">Bronze Sponsors</h3>
<!--bronze start-->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="middle">
        <a href="http://www.stream4.tech/">
          <img width="150px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neomjs/pages/master/sponsors/bronze/stream4tech.png">
        </a>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<!--bronze end-->

## COVID19 IN NUMBERS Demo App
The most compelling way to introduce a new framework might simply be to show what you can do with it.

Live Demo: Desktop only (Support for mobile devices is on the roadmap)</br>
<a href="https://neomjs.github.io/pages/node_modules/neo.mjs/dist/production/apps/covid/index.html#country=USA">COIN App dist/production</a>

You can find the code of the covid app <a href="https://github.com/neomjs/neo/tree/dev/apps/covid">here</a>.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neomjs/pages/master/resources/images/covidDashboard/table.png">

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neomjs/pages/master/resources/images/covidDashboard/gallery.png">

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neomjs/pages/master/resources/images/covidDashboard/helix.png">

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neomjs/pages/master/resources/images/covidDashboard/world.png">

## Online Examples
You can find a full list of (desktop based) online examples here:</br>
<a href="https://neomjs.github.io/pages/">Online Examples</a>

You can pick between the 3 modes (development, dist/development, dist/production) for each one.

## Short overview of the concept & design goals
<table>
    <tr>
        <th></th>
        <th>What if ...</th>
        <th>Benefit</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>1.</td>
        <td>... a framework & all the apps you build are running inside a separate thread (web worker)?</td>
        <td>You get extreme Performance</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>2.</td>
        <td>... the main thread would be mostly idle, only applying the real dom manipulations,
            so there are no background tasks slowing it down?</td>
        <td>You get extreme UI responsiveness</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>3.</td>
        <td>... a framework was fully build on top of ES8, but can run inside multiple workers without any Javascript builds?</td>
        <td>Your development speed will increase</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>4.</td>
        <td>... you don’t need source-maps to debug your code, since you do get the real code 1:1?</td>
        <td>You get a smoother Debugging Experience</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>5.</td>
        <td>... you don’t have to use string based pseudo XML templates ever again?</td>
        <td>You get unreached simplicity, no more scoping nightmares</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>6.</td>
        <td>... you don’t have to use any sort of templates at all, ever again?</td>
        <td>You gain full control!</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>7.</td>
        <td>... you can use persistent JSON structures instead?</td>
        <td>You gain more simplicity</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>8.</td>
        <td>... there is a custom virtual dom engine in place, which is so fast,
            that it will change your mind about the performance of web based user interfaces?</td>
        <td>You get extreme performance</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>9.</td>
        <td>... the ES8 class system gets enhanced with a custom config system,
            making it easier to extend and work with config driven design patterns?</td>
        <td>Extensibility, a robust base for solid UI architectures</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>10.</td>
        <td>... your user interfaces can truly scale?</td>
        <td>You get extreme Performance</td>
    </tr>
</table>

## Want to learn more?
<a href=".github/CONCEPT.md">neo.mjs Concepts</a>

## Impossible? Pick with caution!
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_pill_and_blue_pill"><img alt="blue or red pill" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neomjs/pages/master/resources/images/redorbluepill.png"></a>


## The webworkers driven UI framework
Prior to the public release on November 23, 2019, the project was already at <a href=".github/NEOMJS_HISTORY.md">3720 commits</a>.

Please take a look at the <a href=".github/GETTING_STARTED.md">Getting Started Guide</a>.

Although neo.mjs is ready to craft beautiful & blazing fast UIs, the current state is just a fraction of a bigger
picture.<br/>
Take a look at the <a href=".github/STORY.md">Project Story</a> and <a href=".github/VISION.md">Vision</a>.

In case you like the neo.mjs concepts, please support it: <a href="./BACKERS.md">Sponsors & Backers</a>.

## Join our Slack Channel for questions & feedback
<a href="https://join.slack.com/t/neotericjs/shared_invite/enQtNDk2NjEwMTIxODQ2LWRjNGQ3ZTMzODRmZGM2NDM2NzZmZTMzZmE2YjEwNDM4NDhjZDllNWY2ZDkwOWQ5N2JmZWViYjYzZTg5YjdiMDc">Slack Channel Invite Link</a>

Build with :heart: in Germany.

<br><br>
Copyright (c) 2015 - today, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/tobiasuhlig/">Tobias Uhlig</a>
& <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/richwaters/">Rich Waters</a>
