
Neo.mjs is a framework used to create <mark>browser-based</mark> applications.

# Some key features and benefits of Neo.mjs are:

<details>
<summary>Multi-Threaded</summary>
<p>
When a Neo.mjs application starts, the framework spawns three web-workers, in addition
to the main browser thread, resulting in:
<ol>
<li>The <b>main</b> browser thread, where DOM updates are applied
<li>An <b>application</b> web-worker where normal application locic is run
<li>A <b>data</b> web-worker were HTTP and socket calls are run
<li>A <b>view</b> web-worker that manages delta updates
</ol>
</details>
<details>
<summary>Extreme Speed</summary>
<p>
Web-worker processes are automatically run in parallel, on separate CPU cores.
</p>
<p>
By contrast, other JavaScript frameworks run in a single thread. That means 
in a typical framework all business logic, data handling, and DOM rendering compete for 
CPU resources.
</p>
<p>
This means Neo.mjs applications run and render faster. This is 
particularly beneficial for processor- and data-intensive applications, 
and applications that need to rapidly update what's viewed. In testing, Neo.mjs applications 
easily apply over 20,000 DOM updates per second. 
</p>
<p>
If the default four threads aren't enough, you're free to launch additional web-worker threads 
to run other specialized logic. 
</p>
</details>
<details>
<summary>Quick Application Development</summary>
<p>
Neo.mjs classes let you specify properties in a way that allows code to detect "before" and "after"
changes. This makes it easy to handle value validation and transformation, and react to changes. 
</p>
<p>
Neo.mjs also has elegant yet powerful state management features that make it easy to create shared,
bindable data. For example, if two components are bound to the same property, a change to the 
property will automatically be applied to both components.
</p>
<p>
Debugging is also easy because Neo.mjs uses standard JavaScript, the Neo.mjs class
config system, and built-in debugging tools. For example, while developing an application
you can click on a component, and in the debugger easily inspect the component and 
update its properties &dash; these updates are immediately reflected in the running application.
</p>
</details>
<details>
<summary>Multi-Window Applications</summary>
<p>
Neo.mjs applications can also launch as <i>shared web workers</i>, which allows you to have a single 
application run in multiple browser windows; those windows could be moved to multiple monitors.
</p>
<p>
For example, you can have a data analysis application with a control panel on one monitor, 
tabular data in another, and charts on another &mdash; all sharing the same data, handling events
across windows, running seamlessly as a single application. 
</p>
</details>
<details>
<summary>Open-Source and Standards-Based</summary>
<p>
Neo.mjs is an open-source framework. Features needed for the community can be added to the
framework via pull-requests. And since Neo.mjs uses the standard JavaScript class system, 
all Neo.mjs classes can be extended.
</p>
<p>
Neo.mjs uses standard modular JavaScript, so developers don't need to learn non-standard language
syntax, and there's no need for special pre-compilers or WebPack modules.
That means fewer dependencies and easier configuration. Furthermore, the use of
standard JavaScript makes debugging easier: any statement you write while developing your
application can also be run in the debugging console.
</p>
</details>
<details>
<summary>Scalable</summary>
<p>
Applications can become exponentially difficult to implement as application 
complexity increases. In contrast, the effort to code applications in Neo.mjs 
is fairly linear. This is because of the Neo.mjs approach to binding, separation
of concerns, extensibility, and being standards based
</p>
<p>
Neo.mjs isn't just architecturally scalable &mdash; because of its multi-threaded 
nature, it's designed to handles rapid DOM updates, data traffic, and processor-
intensive business logic.
</p>
</details>
