---
number: 5179
title: >-
  Table.view onStoreRecordchange:  refactor to call createViewData for the
  specific record
author: gplanansky
state: CLOSED
createdAt: '2023-12-19T07:38:50Z'
updatedAt: '2024-10-23T11:42:56Z'
closedAt: '2024-10-23T11:42:56Z'
mergedAt: null
head: table-view-onrecordchange
base: dev
url: 'https://github.com/neomjs/neo/pull/5179'
---

**What kind of change does this PR introduce?** (check at least one)

- [x] Refactor
- [ x] Other, please describe:  

    The `onStoreRecordChange`  colspan implementation invokes createViewData to reprocess all items:

```
         //we should narrow it down to only update the current row
        me.createViewData(me.store.items)
```
The proposed change invokes createViewData to process only the single specified record.  This works for any change that createViewData handles, not just colspan.   For example it will work for `annotation.selected` processing, if that happens in createViewData.

**Does this PR introduce a breaking change?** (check one)

- [x] No   :   _I do not think so,_ , testing against Neo.examples, Neo.apps, and my own table codes.

**What it does:**

`onStoreRecordChange` is empty now, it just calls `createViewData`.

`createViewData(inputData)` now tests whether inputData is a data array (from store & collection), or, a single record from  `onStoreRecordChange`.     If it is a single record there is some bookkeeping with the index values to process the record as a record array of length 1.    

It turns out that an initial loading of Store can trigger both the expected data array load event, and an equivalent series of recordChange events.   To forestall that double processing,  onStoreRecordChange is only enabled if `isLoaded === true`.    When createViewData encounters a data/items array, it sets isLoaded to true.



## Comments

### `@tobiu` commented on 2024-10-23T11:42:56Z

closing this PR, since it is completely outdated and not mergeable. plus, we can not add custom click logic into a table row selection model.

---

