---
number: 6018
title: blog post from issue 5976
author: HTSagara
state: CLOSED
createdAt: '2024-10-04T20:06:33Z'
updatedAt: '2024-10-06T14:06:01Z'
closedAt: '2024-10-06T14:06:01Z'
mergedAt: null
head: issue-5976
base: dev
url: 'https://github.com/neomjs/neo/pull/6018'
---
Please make sure to read the Contributing Guidelines:

https://github.com/neomjs/neo/blob/dev/CONTRIBUTING.md

<!-- PULL REQUEST TEMPLATE -->
<!-- (Update "[ ]" to "[x]" to check a box) -->

**What kind of change does this PR introduce?** (check at least one)

- [ ] Bugfix
- [ ] Feature
- [ ] Code style update
- [ ] Refactor
- [ ] Build-related changes
- [ x] Other, please describe: Blog post

**Does this PR introduce a breaking change?** (check one)

- [ ] Yes
- [ x] No

If yes, please describe the impact and migration path for existing applications:

**The PR fulfills these requirements:**

- [ ] It's submitted to the `dev` branch, _not_ the `main` branch
- [ x] When resolving a specific issue, it's referenced in the PR's title (e.g. `fix #xxx[,#xxx]`, where "xxx" is the issue number)

If adding a **new feature**, the PR's description includes:
- [ ] A convincing reason for adding this feature (to avoid wasting your time, it's best to open a suggestion issue first and wait for approval before working on it)

**Other information:**


## Comments

### `@tobiu` commented on 2024-10-04T20:12:57Z

i changed the formatting of the blog.json very recently (yesterday?).

it would be super nice, if you could update the PR to use the new formatting. otherwise we are changing everything:
https://github.com/neomjs/neo/pull/6018/files

you can add commits to this PR (no need to create a new one).

---

### `@HTSagara` commented on 2024-10-04T21:04:44Z

Hi @tobiu thank you for the feedback, my auto-formatting messed everything up. Sorry.
I just made a new commit

---

### `@tobiu` commented on 2024-10-06T14:06:01Z

hi @HTSagara,

now this looks like if you had merged `main` instead of the `dev` branch into your feature branch. as a result, this PR now has 70 modified files and would merge main branch commits into dev, which should not happen.

Sadly this PR is most likely not easy to fix (unless using "advanced" git features to modify the commit history). My recommendation would be to create a new PR => new fork and dropping in your blog entry in there).

Best regards,
Tobi

---

