---
number: 6020
title: 'fix #6008:improve the home section of neo frontend'
author: TusharMohapatra07
state: MERGED
createdAt: '2024-10-06T13:09:45Z'
updatedAt: '2024-10-08T14:22:14Z'
closedAt: '2024-10-08T13:49:24Z'
mergedAt: '2024-10-08T13:49:24Z'
head: dev
base: dev
url: 'https://github.com/neomjs/neo/pull/6020'
---
**What kind of change does this PR introduce?** (check at least one)

- [ ] Bugfix
- [x] Feature
- [ ] Code style update
- [ ] Refactor
- [ ] Build-related changes
- [ ] Other, please describe:

**Does this PR introduce a breaking change?** (check one)

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

**The PR fulfills these requirements:**

- [x] It's submitted to the `dev` branch, _not_ the `main` branch
- [x] When resolving a specific issue, it's referenced in the PR's title (e.g. `fix #xxx[,#xxx]`, where "xxx" is the issue number)

**Other information:**
This PR is linked with issue #6008. I have improved the look of the neo homepage by making the tagline significantly big such that it won't go unnoticed. Also, I've added a background pattern which complements the look of homepage.


## Comments

### `@tobiu` commented on 2024-10-07T20:50:06Z

hi @TusharMohapatra07,

the design-changes look good. One very important requirement, before i can accept & merge this PR:
please do not change the default formatting, otherwise it becomes very hard to spot for others what changed.

Meaning: 4 spaces & block formatting (align on colon). You can just add another commit to this PR (no need for a new one) and I will accept it afterwards.

Ideas for a follow-up PR: we could switch the h1 & h2 tags (h2 for the logo-text, h1 for the tag-line) => can be easily done inside the matching JS file.

We do have CSS vars for font-weight:
```
font-weight: var(--core-fontweight-semibold);
```

There is also one for bold (I think it equals 700 instead of 800). `var(--core-fontweight-bold);`

Best regards,
Tobi

---

### `@TusharMohapatra07` commented on 2024-10-08T13:35:29Z

@tobiu please review. Also, I'll be follow-up PR that You're talking about.


---

### `@tobiu` commented on 2024-10-08T13:49:06Z

you hopefully know that you can review the changes too:
https://github.com/neomjs/neo/pull/6020/files

you got the 4 spaces indentation in there now, which is good. the align on colon part is missing, but i will fix it.

hacktoberfest approved.

---

### `@TusharMohapatra07` commented on 2024-10-08T14:19:39Z

@tobiu i think the commit named "fix spacing" with hash 85ad0ff did that but then i thought it was wrong.

---

### `@TusharMohapatra07` commented on 2024-10-08T14:21:25Z

By the way, thanks @tobiu for your patience and time. You were such welcoming and supportive.

---

